# A deep dive into `project` function and knobs

Notice `sections` argument in the `project` function, its calcalated in this statement.

```c
uint8_t sections = 1 << (knobSection / (4096 / 5));
```

In C programming, both operands are integers (int data type), the division operator, `/`, performs integer division. Integer division discards the remainder and only returns the quotient as an integer value. This means that if there is any remainder, it is simply truncated or discarded.

So the result of `4095 / 5` is 819. The range of `knobSection / (4096 / 5)` is `0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5`. Doing this is like marking 6 gears to the Section Knob.

In C programming, the `<<` operator is called the left shift operator. It is a bitwise operator that performs a left shift operation on the bits of a value. When apply `0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5` to 1, the result would be `1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32`. Yes, it is like the factorial sequence of 2. The statement could be replaced with a loop like

```c
uint8_t sections = 1;
for (uint8_t i = 0; i < knobSection / (4095 / 5); i++) {
  sections *= 2;
}
```

Well, I prefer the bitwise way. And it is very efficient to get the job done.

If the sections value is 4, the first 1/4 of the `origin` array that is set by `setHSB` function, would be projected 4 times to `frameBuffer`. if the sections value is 32, the whole `frameBuffer` would be same like the head LED of `origin`.

In the previous example, the head LED is set when i is 0 in the `for` loop. Its `hue` value is `i * 360 / LED_LEN`, which equals to 0, which also meas `red`.

Then in the next example, we can bring some help from the Color Knob. Now we can get NeoGoggles of pure color of your choice.
