# Static variable

The demo code in last chapter can move the LED color strip with the Pattern Knob. In this chapter, we would try to move it by time.

This time, we create a `static` uint8_t variable `step`, with initial value 0. Unlike other non-static or `local` variables in this function, the `step` variable would keep its existence in the memory. All local variables in the function would be destroyed when the function body finished. And when the function got executed again, a new variable with the same name would be created and got its assignment, like variable `sections`. In each `loop` run, it would be assigned to some value related to `knobSection`.

But static variable `step`, would not be assign to 0 at each `loop` run. 0 is only assigned to it at the first run. And in all later runs, `step` would maintain its value from the previous run.

Here comes the symbolic `++` operation. Even through you have seen it a few times now in `for` loops.

```c
project(step++, sections);
```

is equal to

```c
project(step, sections);
step = step + 1;
```

In each `loop` run, after send its value to the project function, variable `step` would be assigned to its current value plus 1, aka `self-increasing`. For the `project` function calls, at the 1st time, it would take `offset` from `step`, which is 0. And at the next time, the `offset` would be 1, and then 2, 3, 4...

When `step` comes to 255, the next value is supposed to be 256, right? But because it is a `uint8_t` variable, which is one byte, aka 8 bits, 256 is `1 0000 0000` in binary. Only the last 8 bits take affects, which is `0000 0000`. `step` value would fall back to `0` in the next run.
