```c
void setHSB(uint8_t n, uint16_t hue, uint8_t saturation, uint8_t brightness);
```

Setting color with `RGB` is like the low layer approach. But it is kinda difficult to get the color you desire. 3 knobs have to be tuned back and forth, and the difference is not intuitive to human eyes.

But `HSB` colorspace can help you adjust the color much easier. It represents colors using three components: hue, saturation, and brightness.

    Hue: Hue refers to the actual color itself. It represents where a color falls on the color wheel. For example, red, green, blue, and yellow are different hues. Hue is measured in degrees, ranging from 0 to 360. Imagine a circle where the colors are arranged in a gradient, starting with red at 0 degrees, then moving through the other colors until it reaches red again at 360 degrees.

    Saturation: Saturation refers to the intensity or vividness of a color. It determines how pure or diluted a color is. A highly saturated color is very vibrant and vivid, while a desaturated color is more muted or pastel. Saturation is measured as a percentage, ranging from 0 (completely desaturated or grayscale) to 255 (fully saturated or vibrant).

    Brightness: Brightness, also known as value or lightness, determines how light or dark a color appears. It represents the amount of light emitted or reflected by a color. A high brightness value makes a color appear lighter, while a low brightness value makes it appear darker. Brightness is also measured as a percentage, ranging from 0 (completely off) to 255 (fully bright or white).

In the case of NeoGoggles, we could set Saturation to 100 which is its max value, because we want it to be as colorful as it can be. Then we only need 2 knobs to get the color we want.

But at the example above, you would find out that adjusting Hue knob would not bring you write color. So we could tweak it a little bit. If the knobColor is in range 0 to 3600, we could divide it by 10 as hue. When knobColor is larger than 3600, we set saturation to 0. In this case, the hue value does not really matter, it would be prue white. 
